Seals one stamp commit over the branch HEAD points at:

  1. refreshes the CRL snapshots recorded under .tydence/ltv/,
  2. fixes .tydence/manifest over the tree being stamped, binding the
     nearest earlier stamp on every line of history (renewal chain),
  3. requests one token per site of the chosen profile over HTTPS and
     fully verifies each token before anything is sealed,
  4. writes the stamp commit and moves the branch to it.

The commit is written directly: index and working tree stay as they
are, and the stamp artifacts exist only in stamp commits. Trust
material first learned from a fresh token cannot enter the already
fixed manifest; it is deposited under .tydence/ltv/ in the working
tree, queued in the index by this command, and sealed by the next
commit — stamp or ordinary. Seal deposits promptly.

Without --amend the stamp becomes a new commit with HEAD as its
parent, certifying the same content (a zero-content-change stamp,
also the renewal form). With --amend the stamp replaces the branch
tip: its parents become the tip's parents and, unless --message
says otherwise, its message stays the tip's own, as with git
commit --amend. Replacing the tip rewrites history and is only
safe while the tip has not been shared.

TRUST ANCHORS

Received tokens are verified against trust anchor certificates before
sealing: the roots of the TSA certificate chains you have decided to
trust, obtained out of band (a TSA publishes its root; an accredited
CA publishes its certificates). Anchors are machine-local by design —
a repository must not certify itself — and are named through git's
own third-party configuration namespace:

  git config --add tydence.anchor <PEM_FILE>

The multi-valued key follows the usual configuration precedence:
values set with --local are this repository's trust, values in the
global or system configuration apply to every repository that has no
better knowledge — all values accumulate. A leading ~/ in a value
expands to the home directory. --anchor <PEM_FILE> adds more on top
for one invocation. A PEM file may hold several concatenated
certificates.

The message receives Tydence-Stamp trailers carrying the manifest's
double hash, spelled exactly like the past-manifest payload a later
manifest would bind it by. They join a trailer block the message
already ends with, so trailers like Co-Authored-By keep their
standing, and Tydence-Stamp lines already present are dropped first
— they spoke for a manifest this stamp replaces. The trailers are a
convenience for reading git log; no verification reads them.
